# Expand

1. Asynchonosity can be difficult to deal with because multiple independent yet correlated things are going on at the same time. This makes debugging difficult since there is not just one single linear stream on instruction but potentially hundreds at the same time. Loose typing can also be a pain point since unexpected behavior can occur due the unintended type conversion. This can make debugging more difficult since one's Javascript program will not throw an error describing what and where the problem is.

2. I think Javascript was made loosely typed to make programming easier in that programmers won't need to worry about data types while programming. It also gives more flexibility when programming without having to worry if types match. Additionally, it make Javascript code more resilient so that it won't easily crash if user's input data in a format that was not expected. This can be important for companies who might lose a lot of money if their website goes down. Perhaps they weighed the pros and cons of loose typing and decided that despite the inconveniences it brings for debugging it was important for the browser specific use case. Similarly, asynchronous features enable multiple animations, processes, etc. to occur at the same time. This is important for applications like games.

3. A compiled language is turned into machine code and often run directly on the hardware. Interpretted languages are run line by line during runtime without compilation. Usually, compiled langauges are more faster while interpretted languages tend to be more flexible. Javascript is an interpretted language. Benefits include that no compilation is needed and it can be run anywhere without worrying about the compatibility fo the computer. Drawback include being slower and more runtime errors.

4. For beginners with no Javascript experience, frameworks can be overwhelming since they go on top of Javascript. Additionally, frameworks can add a lot of bloat and friction during setup. Additionally, there are many frameworks and their usage in industry may grow or shrink based on trends, but Javascript will generally be here to stay. Mastering vanilla Javascript can make it easier to use frameworks and builds a strong foundation for later on. Drawbacks include longer development process and a lack of support for creating more complex projects.

5. Javascript will definitely be a key part of our project. I'll use the concepts introduced to better understand how to use Javascript to make the ideas we have. Similarly, I'll use the debugging techniques to resolve issues we have along the way.